=head1 INTRODUCTION

This is a network device inventory that was written in 2007 and used
internally to a university network support team as a central data to
feed a network monitoring system.

It was approved for release as open source code on the 10th February 2012

At the time of public release the code is in the process of being
'publicified' so may make references to private/in house systems and terms or
be in a non working state where parts have been removed. 

=head2 Any demo site?

A working demonstration site is currently online but I've further work to do
to finish the reporting improvements. It's planned to have an acceptable
demonstration online by 19th May 2012.

I'll update this page with a link at that time.

=head2 What it is

If you're deploying Nagios or similar and are thinking you'll have to write a
database to hold all the information, plus write scripts to feed the nagios
configuration from the database, then this inventory solves your datastore and
management problem, leaving just the glue scripts to write to build the
configuration for whichever system you've chosen.

The reporting section is where most of the work is currently taking place, to
provide better insight into how you're spending your money and what
systems/network devices are about to go out of warranty.

=head2 What it isn't

This isn't a inventory for tracking software on Windows workstations, there's
lots of other software that does that. This also doesn't do network discovery,
SNMP walking or service monitoring.

=head2 Almost does what you want but not quite?

Raise a support ticket here on github if it's minor, email me if you're a
commercial entity wanting something more major or specific.

=head1 INSTALLATION

The major steps currently involve:

=over 4

=item Make a database using the SQL in conf/*.sql

=item Copy the perl modules into place on the webserver

=item Copy the perl scripts, templates, images and stylesheets into the wbeservers directory

=item Configure apache

=item Configure the sites .ini file 

=item Test

=back

The INSTALL file contains a more complete guide to the current install process
(warts and all) but it's intended that this process will be significantly
improved shortly.


=head2 Dependencies

Currently uses

Carp,
CGI,
Config,
DateTime,
DBD,
DBI,
Digest,
File,
Net::DNS,
NetAddr,
Regexp,
Template,
URI


=head1 FUTURE WORK

The github tracker features the future roadmap in terms of improvements and
new features.

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Network Device Inventory - keep a database of devices to feed other systems
(such as monitoring software). Copyright 2007 University of Oxford

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin
Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

The University of Oxford agrees to the release under the GPL of in the program
`Inventory' written by Guy Edwards as agreed by Dr. Stuart Lee, Director of
Oxford University Computer Services.

Oliver Gorwits, who in 2008 contributed sections of the hostgroups programming
also agreed to the code release under the GPL.
