=pod

=head1 INVENTORY - CURRENT ROADMAP


=head2
1.1 IMMEDIATE REQUIREMENTS

=over 4

=item [defect] rework the contracts page to accomodate below work, check add,
edit, delete

=item [defect] is invoice essential to a contract? Current entry implies not,
database says it is - may be a TT code defect to fix.

=item [feature] (17th April) Show all devices under a support contract / show
all not under a support contract. 

=item [feature] show the calculated duration of a support contract on the
reports page
 
=item [release] (24th April) Write tests for each module

=back


=head2

1.1.5 REQUESTS

=item [defect] On the models report page javascript table sorting is not
working

=item [defect] on the models report page the initial sort by modelname appears
to have an out of order oddity 'WS-C4948E-F' at the top which needs
investigating

=item [defect] on the models report page the javascript column sort icons are
shown for the status breakdown column, which it wont makes sense to sort by

=item [defect] Move the frodo models out of Models.pm and into a configuration
file OR boolean column in the models table?


=head2
1.2 LONGER TERM ISSUES

=over 4

=item [defect] look for FIXME statements in th code and add to this file

=item [defect] on the quick edit page editing one aspect (such as the status)
results in the message "Thanks for confirming this hosts details" and the
details last confirmed date is updated to the present date, which may not be
desirable - the rest of the hosts details haven't been confirmed.

=item [defect] ssh keys page allows inserting invalid ssh keys but then will
not display them testdata "id 160 | host_id 1471 | sshkey testing:testing:123"

=item [defect] on the quick device addition page the submit button is
accidentally enabled when only one essential field is filled in

=item [defect] new update system gives a blank page if 'manifest' setting is
   missing from ini file

=item [defect] new update system has no reset/recheck system

=item [defect] On the photos page make it use a sha hash as the complete filename

=item [defect] dont let a ups be its own ups

=item [defect] IPv6 name resolution, e.g. add a IPv6 interface that rsolves to a host and the inventory will read ' unresolved'

=item [feature] show a graph of percentage hosts under a support contract

=item [feature] show the time remaining on a support contract on the reports page

=item [feature] Make a script to check/update cached dns records overnight or a page option that does a async run through of the records (ajax, progressbar) to update them

=item [feature] On the model report page the hosts by model output is long. Make a option to (ajax) display hosts for a model when the model is clicked instead.

=item [feature] Combined with the feature request above, make the full list of hosts by model available to print out if needed.

=item [feature] Introduce edit restrictions on the groups (frodos/ups and status)
      where names mustn't change

=item [feature] Ajax - As the user types, show if the name is unique and
      available or not (tick or cross)

=item [feature] Make problem search run each night as a scheduled job

=item [release] Improve test coverage

=back

=head2
1.3 ADD FUNCTIONALITY

=over 4

=item [feature] "show a host whose details haven't been checked in the last year"
 
=item [feature] "show me a random problem and hint how I might fix it"
 
=item [feature] add ability to view the change log from the web interface
 
=item [feature] add geolocation data for locations

=item [release] improve test coverage

=item [release] add a manual

=back

=head2
1.4 CONTROLLED UPDATE SYSTEM

=over 4

=item [release] Update system needs lots of work

=over 4

=item Package integrity check (manifest plus sha256) versus files in that
      release
     
=item Ability to have local menu items
     
=item Ability to have local scripts
     
=item one button update check
     
=item ajax style async update
     
=item browsed pages are made not to break when updated (apache distress)

=back

=back

=head1 FURTHER BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

Report any found to <guyjohnedwards@gmail.com>

=head1 AUTHOR

Guy Edwards, maintained by <guyjohnedwards@gmail.com>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Network Device Inventory - keep a database of devices to feed other systems
(such as monitoring software). Copyright 2007 University of Oxford

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin
Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

The University of Oxford agrees to the release under the GPL of in the program
`Inventory' written by Guy Edwards as agreed by Dr. Stuart Lee, Director of
Oxford University Computer Services.

Oliver Gorwits, who in 2008 contributed sections of the hostgroups programming
also agreed to the code release under the GPL.
