=pod

=head1 User Interface

=over 4

=item Client side input validation for the quickdevice page to help give people
an immediate alert if they are typing the frodo- name instead of the
human-friendly name.
 
=item Visual clues to show the user which fields are optional/essential on the
quickdevice page.

=item On the quickdevice page, visual clues highlight required empty fields

=item Not all pages have a delete option - hardware shouldn't be
deleted but should be decomissioned so you can report on your hardware
turnover. However the following pages have delete functions photos, invoices

=item The list of models in the FroDo addition page is restricted to only the
list of models used bby the frodo project currently, 3750, 3560, 224, 2960,
4948.

=item When adding a new device, if any of the required fields are missing, an
error message is returned. You are not presented  with a blank form but with
the previously entered information re-filled in ( 'sticky' )

=item If a hostname a user is entering for a new host already exists in the
datase the user will be warned in realtime (implementation is ajax) with a
helpful error message. This is a case insensitive check.

=item If a user ignores the client side checks, or has javascript disabled,
and does not fill in a hostname or use an existing hostname (case insensitive
check) the interface shows a helpful error mesage indicating in laymans terms
what the issue was.

=item The server site (helpful) duplicate name checks will also affect ups
device addition, although it should be les common (as by design multiple
devices can have the same IP and multiple devices can hang from the same UPS)

=item The pages leave a change audit trail in the logs

=item All date fields provide a date picker (currently via jQuery)

=item An optional end of life date field for hardware models is provided which
can be null or hold the vendors announced end-of-life date for that the
hardware model

=item a License statement should be present in each cgi script and module and
be consistent across the program 

=item The install instructions are in pod format and are complete

=item A reports page based on Model type, for example the ability to see all
devices which are of a particular model type

=item Support contracts record the supplier, cost of contract, start date, end
date and service level. It's intentionally possible for a support contract to
have no supplier or support level.
